HOW TO PLAY THE GAME

MOVE ->AWSD

RELOAD->R

PICKUP->F

fire! -> HOLD Left-mouse

Play until you die!

1. WebSockets

WebSocket creates when the page load successfully. It only supports two ways communications.

SERVER ---> CLIENT

Server starts to send message only if client successfully login to a valid account.
It only sends necessary actor information (position and shape, color etc) to let client draw out the
actors. Client will validate the message, discard it if the message is not well formatted.

CLIENT ---> SERVER

client only sends to server to perform necessary operations, such as "login", "logout", "start", "event".

login tells the server the id of current socket.
logout tells the server the id of current socket stop using.
start tells the server to create a player for current id.
event tells the server concrete event made by user (mousemove, touch etc.)


The game model is separated to client version and server version (model.js and modelServer.js).

client model only draws the actors, where server model only steps the model.

IT SUPPORTS RECONNECT TO THE GAME, and Two gamers are able to play one character if they login one account.


2. React

The app made by npm CREATE-APP-REACT, where node only server "build" version.

Remade UI by React + Material UI, new error message, new html form validation.

The whole web page consists of 1 div and 1 canvas. (Since canvas is not easy to reference in React

The canvas only shows in game page.
)

Each main page is a react component (Signin, Signup etc), it also reused error bar abd gender radio buttons component.

The model class (model.js) and socket class (socket.js) is imported in App.js under ./src folder. They are created inside

APP component.



3. Mobile Features

The game is fully supported by mobile phone or tablet. Please lock the orientation to play the game on mobile devices.

The canvas size is auto resizeable to screen size.

MOVE-> Tilt phone. (accelerationIncludingGravity)

CHANGE DIRECTION -> TOUCH MOVE (touch start and touch move event)

FIRE -> TOUCH!

PICKUP -> Two finger touch (touch start event)

RELOAD -> Double tap

START GAME -> SHAKE YOUR PHONE

All events implemented by vanilla event listener, no external library used.






